# Minutes Of Meeting
## Date: 31/07/2015
## Organizer: Serghei

## Details: 
  1. Preliminary decisions on project architecture:
    - Rest Room - Arduino with a PIR + light sensor connected to WIFI using an ESP8266 serial WIFI module
    - Web server running on the Raspberry PI that can access data on from the arduino and serve it to other clients (to be decided on exact technologies)
    - Desktop client if needed
  2. Project is hosted on GitHub.
 
### Things to buy (for project startup):
**From:** http://www.arduino.md/
**Pricelist:** https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AgPZMH7IWO3ZdFNubEREZmhZMC1RZFQ3WHZGeDUzTFE&usp=sharing

  1. ESP8266 serial WIFI module
  2. Ttl logic level converter 5v-3.3v
  3. PIR Sensor Human Body detecting module Pyroelectric HC-SR501
  4. Light sensor module BH1750FVI GY-30 (I2C)   or    Light sensor module BH1750 GY-302 (I2C)
  5. DC-DC LM2596S buck (step-down) voltage regulator 3.2-40V to 1.25-35V (3A max)   or   Breadboard Power Supply Module 5v, 3.3v  (needs to be checked, since they have no description for the second one)


Later on, when the first prototype is working, we can buy an Arduino Nao V3 or Pro Mini board for the final device. And at that stage we should also think about a power supply or battery unit.

For the project startup we can use the Arduino Ethernet board and TTL-to-USB converter we have in the office. 
I (Serghei) also have a power supply for it, as well as DuPont connectors/cables, a small breadboard, some spare resistors, leds, to start with. 


## Tasks:
  * **Serghei** - make a list with the things that we need to buy.
  * **Serghei** - setup a git hub repo.
  * **Radu** - Buy everything needed.
  * **Constantin** - Organize next meeting.
